Mention the LHCb glossary (#199)
lhcb/starterkit-lessons: first-analysis-steps/asking-questions.md

{% endcallout %} 

{% callout "LHCb glossary" %}

> A broad range of LHCb-related terms, abrreviations and definitions can be found in the unofficial [LHCb Glossary](https://lhcb.github.io/glossary/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A broad range of LHCb-related terms, abbreviations and definitions can be found in the official [LHCb Glossary](https://lhcb.github.io/glossary/) linked from the main experiment page.
```

Reviewer: @vlisovsk, thanks a lot for adding info on the glossary! It would be great to see newcomers contributing to it as part of a cultural thing to do … There are many terms still missing in there. It would also be ideal to link terms from the starterkit rather than duplicating info.

Important correction: the glossary is anything but unofficial, as one can figure from the fact that it's linked from the LHCb homepage ;-).
